Title: Simple version control
Tested on : AMD A10 processor, 4GB RAM, 1TB HDD
Software Spec: Debian linux _ linuxMint 17 

Usage:

	To Commit:
		./svc.o File.text
	To Restore:
		./svc.o version_number
Features:
	Basic facilities of svc.
	no restriction on number of operations done on file.
	no restriction on file_size.
	fast retrival and use of shell commands done.

limitations:
	A folder can have only one file versioned in it.
	OS dependent - linux and unix

Note:
	In this assignment we have used Diff and Patch tools which are already present
	in linux and UNIX systems.
		Diff tool generated the differnce between two files and Patch tool makes use of file created
	by Diff tool to patch the file and get required version.
		At start the File is directly copied and kept as version 0 and the upcoming commit will make 
	use to this file to generate patch.file . Once a restore is done then counter is set to zero.
	Thus for next commit the file as it is will be copied eg 5 version was commited after restore.Then 
	the upcoming file will generate the patch with respect to file 5 from svc/commit folder.
		Thus using diff and patch there is no restriction on operations made on file and it also saves
	Space and time for restoring and commiting the file.

Folder Structure:
	svc - main folder under which all commit and required data will be stored 

		commit - It will have all the commit data, required for Restoring the file
			.text - for 1st commit and for 1st commit after restore .text file is generated
			.patch - these file are patch files generated by diff tool

		head - This file is used as buffer, it is used while restoring the file

		manifest - this file is used to hold generat data such as
			total_commit - total_number of commit made, used for generating version number
			file_name - This file which is currently being versionized
			last_commit - Used while generating patch, the commit will file pointed by last_commit
			counter - It is set to '0' whenever a restore is done


